Modify package to expect log scale concentration values and LODs (#122)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: vignettes/wwinference.Rmd

data from wastewater treatment plants whose catchment areas are contained within
the larger "global" population. For this quick start, we will use
simulated data, modeled after a hypothetical US state with 4 wastewater
treatment plants (also referred to as sites) reporting data on log scale viral
concentrations of SARS-COV-2, processed in 3 different labs, covering about 25%
of the state's population. This simulated data contains daily counts of the
total hospital admissions in a hypothetical US state from September 1, 2023 to

> November 29, 2023. It contains log scale wastewater concentration data spanning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
November 29, 2023. It contains wastewater log genome concentration data
```

simulated hospital admissions 28 days ahead of the forecast date, which can be
used to evaluate the model.

For the wastewater data, the expcted format is a table of observations with the

> followign columns. The wastewater data should not contain NAs for days with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
following columns. The wastewater data should not contain `NA` values for days with
```

missing observations, instead these should be excluded:
- a date (column `date`): the date the sample was collected
- a site indicator (column `site`): the unique identifier for the wastewater treatment plant
that the sample was collected from
- a lab indicator (column `lab`): the unique identifier for the lab where the sample was processed

> - a concentration (column `log_genome_copies_ml`): the natural log of the
> measured genome copies per mL from the sample collected. This column should not
> contain NAs, even if the observation for that sample is below the limit of
> detection. We will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a concentration (column `log_genome_copies_ml`): the measured 
log genome copies per mL for the given sample. This column should not
contain `NA` values, even if the observation for that sample is below the limit of
detection.
```
```

```{r preprocess-ww-data}
ww_data_preprocessed <- wwinference::preprocess_ww_data(
  ww_data,
  conc_col_name = "log_genome_copies_per_ml",
  lod_col_name = "log_lod"
)
```
Note that this function assumes that there are no missing values in the
concentration column. The package expects observations below the LOD will

> be replaced with a numeric value below the LOD. If there are NAs in your dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be replaced with a numeric value below the LOD. If there are `NA` values in your dataset
```

We can generate this directly on the output of `wwinference()` using:
```{r extracting-draws}
draws_df <- get_draws_df(ww_fit)

> # Print the names of the variables included in the output dataframe

Reviewer: I don't think this comment is needed.
```suggestion
```

Author: See comment below

Reviewer: To clarify, I think it's fine to print the names of the variables, I just don't think we need a comment to say we're doing it.

cat(
  "Variables in dataframe: ",
  sprintf("%s", paste(unique(draws_df$name), collapse = ", "))
)
```
Note that by default the `get_draws_df()` function will return  a tidy long
dataframe with all of the posterior draws joined to applicable data for each of

> the included variables. If only interested in the hospital admissions estimates
> (`"predicted counts"`) or the wastewater estimates (`"predicted wastewater"`),
> we suggest immediately filtering to `name %in% c(your_desired_outputs)`
> so as not to carry around extra data.
> This is particularly important if there are a large
> number of wastewater sites, as this dataframe can get quite large.

Reviewer: I would strike this part. I think the user can work it out. If we really want to encourage users to filter at this step, `get_draws_df` should take an optional argument specifying which outputs to return.
```suggestion
the included variables. 
```

Author: Yeah so that was my idea with the `included_variables` thing. I can work on it in a separate PR though, I got super stuck even though it should be quite simple.

My push back here, for now at least until we have that feature, is that we specifically got user feedback saying that it was not at all clear that there were multiple output variables/types in the `draws_df`. So while verbose to write all of this, I think it is important that we have something, to prevent the mistake of treating this as just a dataframe of fitted and forecasted hospital admissions (which if you just do `head(draws_df)` thats what it looks like). I

Reviewer: Made an alternative suggestion.

We can generate this directly on the output of `wwinference()` using:
```{r extracting-draws}
draws_df <- get_draws_df(ww_fit)

# Print the names of the variables included in the output dataframe
cat(
  "Variables in dataframe: ",
  sprintf("%s", paste(unique(draws_df$name), collapse = ", "))
)
```
Note that by default the `get_draws_df()` function will return  a tidy long
dataframe with all of the posterior draws joined to applicable data for each of

> the included variables. If only interested in the hospital admissions estimates
> (`"predicted counts"`) or the wastewater estimates (`"predicted wastewater"`),
> we suggest immediately filtering to `name %in% c(your_desired_outputs)`
> so as not to carry around extra data.
> This is particularly important if there are a large
> number of wastewater sites, as this dataframe can get quite large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the included variables. To examine a particular variable (e.g. `"predicted counts"` for posterior 
predicted hospital admissions), filter the data frame based on the `name` column.
```

Related but out of scope questions:
1. should that column be named "name" and not "variable_name"?
2. should variable names really have spaces?

Author: Or maybe these shouldn't be called variables, but something more general like output type? I think it's nice for something like R(t) not to be `subpop_r_t`.

Reviewer: One reasonable approach there is to have one column with a verbose human-readable name and another with a shorter, no-spaces internal name. One can then do filtering mainly on the latter column

Author: I think that's a good idea. I might just put that in this PR since its top of mind

## Plotting the outputs

We can create plots of the outputs using `draws_df` and
the fitting wrapper functions. Note that by default, these plots will not

> include the data that was below the LOD (even though the fit incorporated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
visualize data that was below the LOD (even though the fit incorporated
```

> them via censoring)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
them via the censored observation process.)
```
